1. No two users can share the same User_ID
Key constraint, use UserID as primary key in table Users
This constraint is contained in create.sql

2. All sellers and bidders must already exist as users
Foreign Key constraint, use SellerID in table Item_Seller and BidderID in table Bid as foreign key which references the UserID in table Users
This constraint is contained in create.sql

3. No two items can share the same Item_ID
Key constraint, use ItemID as primary key in table Items
This constraint is contained in create.sql

4. Every bid must correspond to an actual item
Foreign Key constraint, use ItemID in table Bid as foreign key which references ItemID in table Items
This constraint is contained in create.sql

5. The items for a given category must all exist.
Foreign Key constraint, use ItemID in table Item_Category as foreign key which references ItemID in table Items
This constraint is contained in create.sql

6. An item cannot belong to a particular category more than once.
Key constraint, use (ItemID, Category) as primary key in table Item_Category
This constraint is contained in create.sql

7. The end time for an auction must always be after its start time.
Check constraint, check if the timestamp ends is greater than timestamp started
This constraint is contained in create.sql

8. The Current_Price of an item must always match the Amount of the most recent bid for that item
Trigger constraint, check if the Current_Price of an item in table Items is equal to Amount in table Bid with the same ItemID and latest Time

9. A user may not bid on an item he or she is also selling
Trigger constraint, use a query to get all the BidderID in table Bid for a certain ItemID and check SellerID in table Item_Seller with the same ItemID in the set of BidderID

10. No auction may have two bids at the exact same time.
Key constraint, use (ItemID, Time) as primary key in table Bid

11. No auction may have a bid before its start time or after its end time
Trigger constraint, check if Time in table Bid is larger than Started and smaller than Ends in table Items with the same ItemID

12. No user can make a bid of the same amount to the same item more than once
Key constraint, set (BidderID, Amount) as Unique in table Bid

13. In every auction, the Number_of_Bids attribute corresponds to the actual number of bids for that particular item
Trigger constraint, query the number of bids for a certain ItemID in table Bid and check if it is equal to Number_of_Bids in table Items with the same ItemID

14. Any new bid for a particular item must have a higher amount than any of the previous bids for that particular item
Trigger constraint, query the max Amount of a certain ItemID in table Bid and check if the new bid Amount is larger than it

15. All new bids must be placed at the time which matches the current time of your AuctionBase system
Trigger constraint, query the current time in the table CurrentTime and check if the Time of the new bid is the same as the current time

16. The current time of your AuctionBase system can only advance forward in time, not backward in time
Trigger constraint, use a query to find the max of the previous Time in table CurrentTime and check if the current time is greater than it
